Orchestrator examples (#73)
aai-institute/nnbench: docs/tutorials/prefect.md

# Integrating nnbench with Prefect

> If you have more complex workflows it is sensible to use a workflow orchestration tools. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have more complex workflows, it is sensible to use a workflow orchestration tool to manage them. 
```

Benchmarking with nnbench can be integrated with orchestrators. We will present an example integration with Prefect.
We will explain the orchestration concepts in a high level and link to the corresponding parts of the  Prefect [docs](https://docs.prefect.io/).

> The full example code is in the nnbench [repository](https://github.com/aai-institute/nnbench/tree/main/examples/prefec).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The full example code can be found in the nnbench [repository](https://github.com/aai-institute/nnbench/tree/main/examples/prefect).
```

In this example we want to orchestrate the training and benchmarking of a linear regression model.

## Project Structure
### Defining the training tasks and workflows
We recommend to separate the training and benchmarking logic. 

```python
--8<-- "examples/prefect/training.py"
```

The `training.py` file contains functions to generate synthetic data for our regression model, facilitate a train-test-split, and finally train the regression model.

> We have applied Prefects [`@task` decorator.](https://docs.prefect.io/latest/concepts/tasks/)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have applied Prefect's [`@task` decorator.](https://docs.prefect.io/latest/concepts/tasks/)  
```

I would also merge the next sentence into it, e.g. like "which marks the function logic ..."

It marks the contained logic as a discrete unit of work for Prefect. 
Two other functions prepare the regression data and train the estimator. 

> They are labeled with the [`@flow` decorator.](https://docs.prefect.io/latest/concepts/flows) which labels the function as a workflow logic container that can depend on other flows or tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are labeled with the [`@flow` decorator.](https://docs.prefect.io/latest/concepts/flows) which labels the function as a workflow that can depend on other flows or tasks.
```

The `prepare_regressor_and_test_data` function returns the model and test data so that we can use it in our benchmarks.

### Defining Benchmarks 
The benchmarks are in the `benchmark.py` file.
We have two functions to calculate the mean absolute error and the mean squared error.
These benchmarks are tagged to indicate they are metrics.
The other two benchmarks calculate model metadata, namely the size and inference time of the model.

```python
--8<-- "examples/prefect/benchmark.py"
```

> We did not apply any Prefect decorators here as they are incompatible with nnbench's decorators.

Reviewer: True, but they are also a finer-grained unit of work, as we currently operate under the "one benchmark family per task" paradigm. I would mention that here instead.
